Cleanup MWC on installation failure (#248)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.0.0.md

## New features

> - Added cleanup of MutatingWebhookConfigurations on failure of Istio installation [#248](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/248)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add cleanup of MutatingWebhookConfigurations on the failure of Istio installation [#248](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/248)
```
